Fix typo (#40850)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/getting_started/soft_skills/research_and_learning/index.md

### Look at other people's code

> The web has [developer tools](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Howto/Tools_and_setup/What_are_browser_developer_tools) that allow you to look at the code used to build any site. If you don't have a solution at hand, one good research method is to find websites with similar features in the wild, and look at how they did it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web has [developer tools](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Howto/Tools_and_setup/What_are_browser_developer_tools) that allow you to look at the code used to build any site. If you don't have a solution available, a good research method is to find websites with similar features in the wild and look at how they did it.
```

Reviewer: I wrote this originally, and I think you are right, but thinking about it further, I think this suggestion would be better. "At hand" is colloquial, and "available" is probably better understood by an international audience for whom English is not their first language. What do you think?

Author: I agree, available is even better thank you! I'm a newbie, so I don't know what I should do next? Do I commit your suggestion?

Reviewer: It's really up to you. If you agree with my exact suggestion, you can:

1. Press on the "Commit suggestion" drop-down, and then press the "Commit changes" button in the resulting pop-up box.
2. Ignore the suggestion box and just make the changes locally and push them.

If you want to accept my suggestion and then tweak it further, option 2. is probably the easiest route to follow.

Author: Thanks Chris, I'll go with the first option as I actually initiated this from within github and never made a local repo.
